h1. WordPress Project Boilerplate

A boilerplate for beginning new WordPress projects quickly.

Projects will be configured with the following:

# latest stable version of WordPress
# a "styleguide":http://github.com/larrybotha/styleguide
# a theme "boilerplate":http://github.com/fixate/wordpress-theme-boilerplate
# a Grunt template for configuring symlinks, folder names, and theme localisations

h2. Installation

If you haven't already done so, install grunt-init.

Once grunt-init is installed, place this template in your @~/.grunt-init/@ directory. It's recommended that you use git to clone this template into that directory, as follows:

<pre>git clone https://github.com/fixate/grunt-init-wordpress.git ~/.grunt-init/wordpress</pre>

(Windows users, see "the documentation":http://gruntjs.com/project-scaffolding for the correct destination directory path)

h2. Usage

At the command-line, cd into an empty directory, run this command and follow the prompts.

<pre>grunt-init wordpress</pre>

Note that this template will generate files in the current directory, so be sure to change to a new directory first if you don't want to overwrite existing files.

Once you are done with configuration, follow the instructions presented on completion of the template generation.

h2. Remote Repos

This project makes extensive use of git subtrees to track remote repos.

Once a relevant branch for a remote has been created, it is then pulled into @master@. The following, for example, is used to pull WordPress in:

<pre>
$ git read-tree --prefix=src/ -u wordpress_branch
</pre>

Upstream changes should be merged using the following strategy:

<pre>
$ git checkout wordpress_branch
$ git fetch
$ git merge --no-ff 3.5.3

$ git checkout master
$ git merge --squash -s subtree --no-commit wordpress_branch
Squash commit -- not updating HEAD
Automatic merge went well; stopped before committing as requested
</pre>

Information on using @subtree@ can be found at http://git-scm.com/book/en/Git-Tools-Subtree-Merging

h4. WordPress

<pre>
# $ git remote add wordpress_remote https://github.com/WordPress/WordPress
# $ git fetch wordpress_remote
# $ git fetch wordpress_remote --tags

# remote tracking branch
wordpress_remote

# branch
wordpress_branch

# branch should only checkout stable releases of WordPress from tags e.g.
$ git checkout -b wordpress_branch 3.5.2
</pre>

h2. TODO

# link remote stylegude
# link remote theme
# create and link Grunt template
